Add query params (#73)
avenga/couper: docs/README.md

| `path`|<ul><li>changeable part of upstream URL</li><li>changes the path suffix of the outgoing request</li></ul>|
|[**`access_control`**](#access_control_attribute)|sets predefined `access_control` for `endpoint`|
|[**`backend`**](#backend_block) block |configures connection to a local/remote backend service for `endpoint`|
|[**`remove_query_params`**](#query_params)|<ul><li>a list of query parameters to be removed from the upstream request URL</li></ul> |
|[**`set_query_params`**](#query_params)|<ul><li>key/value(s) pairs to set query parameters in the upstream request URL</li></ul> |
|[**`add_query_params`**](#query_params)|<ul><li>key/value(s) pairs to add query parameters to the upstream request URL</li></ul> |

#### Query parameter <a name="query_params"></a>

Couper offers three methods to manipulate the query parameter. The methods are

> executed in the following order:

Reviewer: We should mention that this is unrelated to the order within the configuration file.

| `path`|<ul><li>changeable part of upstream URL</li><li>changes the path suffix of the outgoing request</li></ul>|
|[**`access_control`**](#access_control_attribute)|sets predefined `access_control` for `endpoint`|
|[**`backend`**](#backend_block) block |configures connection to a local/remote backend service for `endpoint`|
|[**`remove_query_params`**](#query_params)|<ul><li>a list of query parameters to be removed from the upstream request URL</li></ul> |
|[**`set_query_params`**](#query_params)|<ul><li>key/value(s) pairs to set query parameters in the upstream request URL</li></ul> |
|[**`add_query_params`**](#query_params)|<ul><li>key/value(s) pairs to add query parameters to the upstream request URL</li></ul> |

#### Query parameter <a name="query_params"></a>

Couper offers three methods to manipulate the query parameter. The methods are

> executed in the following order unrelated to the order within the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query attributes can be defined unordered within the configuration file but will be executed ordered as follows:
```
